Complete the Eur/Usd pane

I think we should actually work on splitting the adapter set, because right now the WHOLE ENTIRE PROGRAM is actaully running off of an adapter set named NADEX, and we'll probably
have an actual lightstreamer adapter set for streaming desered epics and instruments in the future anyway so its probably a good ides to split the adapter set into like
currencydata and Nadex. To commit such a change, we would need ot go to the adapters.xml, and make a new adapters_conf object. Then, where we specify an adapter set
in our regualr JSON throughout our program files, replace it with the new name. No work needs to be done to the actual javascript remote general data adapter.

We also hacve to device a mechanicsm when the nodejs runtime enviornment or node envioronment ceases to exists or on exit, unsubscribe to whatever we were subscribed to on lightstreamer
because right now the lightstreamer itself is unsubscrubung on its own after a few seconds, but imagine millions of users. that wouldnt be efficient enough in a real world secnario. 

Add to the webpack.config.js exclude rules that exclude the build and semantic folders. I actually don't know why we have a semantic 
folder. Oh its actually for the index html file XDXD.

I want to seperate and organize all my source files into something you would see out of a github project. That however is going to entail
chaning a lot of import statements that previously imported based on all the source files being in the same folder. One of the reasons
behind this is not only does it make things more organized, but it actaully helps with this new ESLint module I want ot use. Some 
files like main.js ( Its the only file I can recall currently within the project that this applies to ) cannot have babel run through it 
because it is referenced by the electron node module itself to start electron. I mean tecniqually I could, but that leaves room for 
errors based on babel and stuff and I don't want to mix that with electron. And we would have to make main.js a second entry point
of webpack.
From Webpack's website: "The import and export statements have been standardized in ES2015 and are supported in most browsers.
Some older browsers still lag behind but webpack supports modules out of the box. Behind the scenes, webpack actually "transpiles" 
the code so that older browsers can also run it. If you inspect dist/main.js, you might be able to see how webpack does this,
it's quite ingenious! Besides import and export, webpack supports various other module syntaxes as well, see Module API for more
information.Note that webpack will not alter any code other than import and export statements. If you are using other ES2015
features, make sure to use a transpiler such as Babel or Bublé via webpack's loader system."

I want to implement the contextual_Sidebar_Item.js with view.js because it actually would be way easier to implement the dynamic item list then in React.

I also want to change the way highStocksOptions.js works so that it may fit into the category of lib, where we can plug and play the highchartsOptions.js in any other application.

I am very worried about the mobile-detect package I use in the highStocksOptions.js under the lib folder because of the user-agent string that electron returns. Electron 
returns a user-agent string that does not include the device name, only the operating system. Hopefully this will be enough for mobile-detect to pick on the right type of 
device but I'm just really not sure. We will see once we run emulations. I might have to think of a more consistent way to detect mobile devices. But we'll see.

Make a Postgres.js library file. There will be two versions, one on the server-side because most likely it will run on local host, and one on client side because we'll need a URL.
I am going to have to use my lightstreamer_Client.js to provide data because I am going to HAVE to connect to my PostGres database. Actaully, But what if I just 
want a payload of data just right then? What if I don't want to stream data? I already have to connect to my Postgres database. I might have to put the connection
object and details in a seperate js file sense I will have to use the object and credientails in this file, and it is used in lightstreamer_Client.js.

Dont make plug and play files they really don't make life THAT much easier, because the ultimate plug and play file is just a file that has methods that swap the traditional
programming syntax thats already present if you were to hard code it.

Clean up the *1000 mess when storing and retrieving timestamps and searching for data using Postgres.

@!!! MAKES SURE THE REFERENCE SEMANTIC UI'S NEW LOCATION IN THE index.html FILE.

Make sure that when the server-side files actually go server side they have all there node npm package dependencies available to them as well as any other 
dependencies that they might need because for right now some of them have dependencies, but they are rooted within this project.

Alright, I've got some great ideas. First off, we really don't need to use webpack for development purposes because we can just use babel cli. The babel cli
also makes it so we can keep the folder structure of our babeled through directory, and make it easier to trace errors down as opposed to just getting 
"in function h.j(.js 1026:45)" like the console would normally read when using webpack to build or bundled js script. The second is incorperating the 
Hubspot/offline github node js module for event based detection of online/offline status of users. That way, high level modules can decide whether
to invoke utilility modules if their online of offline or not, and utility modules can focuas on some real errors that are not actaul errors, but just the result
of a lack of a high level internet connection. But I don't actually have to use or implement this until I get to the higher level modules that use my util modules XD.

TRAIN OF THOUGHT:
errorHandling.js for use in defaultPostgreSQL.js server-side copy for use in both the 1Forge_Postgresql_Database_Data_Provider_Script.js and the lightstreamer_DataAdapter_Nadex.js,
then create the defaultPostgreSQL.js for the client-side for use in dataProvider.js to acquire inital bulk data for the chart, THEN organize the rest of the files into the 
new hiearchy to use and configfure ESLINT then actually finish dataProvider.js then finish lightstreamerClient.js for lib to bb use in other files then finish highStockOptions.js
because thats why you wanted to create the dataProvider.js module class in the first place so you can finish Highstock options.js so you can flush out the 
arcitecture for the content panels in the contextual side bar items.

babel does not traverse through dependencies and run babel on them. So importing files that need to be ran through babel, if they 
haven't been ran through babel already, will only cause a syntax error. However, what we can do is direct babel to babel through a whole directory at one time, 
so that way all files are in a babel state, so that way when we import them in a file that is ran by electron, all POSSIBLE files that could be used by our
files that are written in ES6, are already babeled through in that one folder. To do that, it goes something like this "babel ./[source directory] --watch --out-dir [output directory]"
All of the files are taken, run through babel, and outputed seperately in their own respective files, named the same as their original files, in the output directory specified.

"semantic" the folder is actually very vital to the project, as well at "semantic-ui" the package because semantic-ui the package actually CREATES "semantic" the folder you
see and use within your project. "semantic-ui" the package runs a set-up kind of neat dialoug with the user asking the user their preferences and what they want upon install.
It then
{
    Copies UI definitions
    Copies UI themes
    Copies gulp tasks
    Adds theme files
    Creates the gulpfile.js
    Creates the Semantic Ui config file ( semantic.json )
    Among many other things...
}
So thats why we needed it. Then you run gulp build tools to get you a nice and trimmed folder.


I don't know whether our "lightstreamer_Client.js" is confirmed to work. I am assuming it does though.

I think the last thing I was working on was the "react_Render.js". I think...

Include the Lighstreamer in the vendor folder under the .gitignore for liscensing purposes.

Branch eslint-setup

I added babel-eslint so that way my parser and my linting matchup, because theres no point of a linter of it doesn't match my parser right? XD
The problem is I already installed a lot of thrid party peer dependencies for the standard code standard of ESLINT that I probably don't need now,
and who's rules are pretty illrelevant. Sooo, do I uninstall ESLINT and reinstall? Will that get rid of all the dependencies? 

It didnt. I had to manual uninstall all peer dependencies of eslint standard code standard option AS WELL AS eslint. 

I updated all of the npm packages, because the babel-eslint pacakge needed a babel-core of 7.2.0 or above and I was rocking a babel-coe of 7.1.0 or something like that.

Installing eslint...
npm install --save-dev eslint

Installing babel-eslint...
npm install --save-dev babel-eslint

Running the init command for local version of ESLINT...
.\node_modules\.bin\eslint --init

Now adding the parser line...
"parser": "babel=eslint"

Okay I think es-lint is properly set up for React AND Babel!

Changed the .gitignore file to ignore the entirety of the vendor folder because of potential liscensing issues.

Changed a little bit of the ReadMe.